Enable `Allreduce`/`Broadcast` TF ops by Intel® oneAPI (DPC++ compiler/oneCCL/IMPI included) software stack on Intel GPU device. (#3935)
horovod/horovod: docs/keras.rst

   .. code-block:: python

>        device_type = 'XPU' if hvd.sycl_built() else 'GPU'

Reviewer: From a user perspective, `sycl_built` seems very opaque. Can this method name be a bit more meaningful in the sense why am I calling it? How does `sycl` relate to the abstraction layer that provides `XPU`s?

Reviewer: This example has the drawback that users that want to use `XPU`s do not realize when `hvd.sycl_built` returns false and the example silently falls back to GPU. With `device_type = 'XPU'` they will get an error in that situation and realize Horovod is not build with `sycl` support.

I'd rather prefer the example to look like
```suggestion
       device_type = 'GPU'  # use 'XPU' here if you are using Intel GPU devices with oneAPI
```

Reviewer 2: @EnricoMi Agreed, we have changed this example docs to your suggestions. Common users only need care about "GPU" and "XPU". "sycl_built" should be transparent to users. Thanks for your review and we appreciate your any comments.

Reviewer: Looks better, thanks!
